docs: Document expected behaviour for event creation (#302)
honeycombio/honeycomb-network-agent: README.md

![design diagram](./agent_design.png)

The agent generates events per Kubernetes host by inspecting network traffic, in the perspective of either the receiving or sending process.
This results in events being generated in the following 3 scenarios:
- External to pod (cluster ingress)

> - Pod to pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pod to pod
- Pod to Service
```

I think we see Pod to Service comms, too, right? If so, we'll need to also update the scenario count in the paragraph above. (Or say "… _amongst_ our scenarios are such diverse elements as:")

![design diagram](./agent_design.png)

> The agent generates events per Kubernetes host by inspecting network traffic, in the perspective of either the receiving or sending process.
> Amongst the scenarios events are genreated for:
> - External to pod (cluster ingress)
> - Pod to pod
> - Pod to Service
> - Pod to external (cluster egress)
> 
> **NOTE**: For pod-to-pod interactions when each pod is on seperate Kubernetes nodes, two events will be created.

Author: ```suggestion
The agent generates events per Kubernetes host by inspecting network traffic, in the perspective of either the receiving or sending process.
Amongst the scenarios events are generated for:
- external to pod (cluster ingress)
- pod to service
- pod to pod
- pod to external (cluster egress)

**NOTE**: For pod-to-pod interactions when each pod is on separate Kubernetes nodes, two events will be created.
```
